Cleanup Utility to remove stale DBB objects and build libraries (#255)
IBM/dbb: Templates/Common-Backend-Scripts/README.md

#### Invocation

The `generateCleanupCommands.sh` script can be invoked as follows:

```
generateCleanupCommands.sh -w MortApp/main/build-1 -a MortApp -p
```

CLI parameter | Description
---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-w `<workspace>` | **Workspace directory** - an absolute or relative path that represents unique directory for this pipeline definition, that needs to be consistent through multiple steps. 
-a `<application>` | **Application name** to be analyed for stale DBB Metadatastore objects and Build Datasets.
-p | Flag to control if the generated delete cmd files should be executed by the pipeline. If the steps are not executed through the script, it is recommended to publish the generated files to the pipeline run, that an administrator can take care of them.

#### Additional Notes

This script can be embedded into a pipeline execution, but can also be used in a stand-alone setup. For a pipeline implementation, this task can be included in the release process to facilate the cleanup of stale DBB Collections and DBB Build Groups, as well to make delete the build datasets.

> For the standalone implementation follow the below process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the standalone implementation, use the following process:
```

1. Have the Common Backend Scripts installed to z/OS Unix System Services and have them configured. 
2. Clone the application repository including all remote references.

> 3. Assemble the generateCleanupCommands command like in the above sample. The user executing the script needs proper permissions on the DBB Metadatastore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Execute the `generateCleanupCommands.sh` script like in the above sample. The user executing the script needs proper permissions on the DBB Metadatastore.
```
